Josh King
Social Media Manager /Community Manager
Highly accomplished and innovative Social /Community Manager with over 6 years of experience in the
crypto space, specializing in community Management,engagement and developer relations. Proven track
record of driving excellence and successfully managing relationships with diverse communities. Skilled in
content creation, social media management, and executing impactful community events and initiatives.
joshyking212@gmail.com +447769373117 London Uk
Social Media Manager ||Aptos
Developed and executed social media strategies to enhance Aptos' online presence.
Crafted engaging content that resonated with the crypto community, ensuring consistent
messaging.
Managed Aptos' social media accounts, adapting style and voice across different platforms.
Collaborated with marketing and communications teams to align messaging across channels.
Orchestrated and managed successful community events, webinars, and AMA sessions for Aptos,
fostering interaction and knowledge-sharing.
2022-2023
Community Manager||Dash Cryptocurrency
Crafted and implemented effective strategies to engage, support, and manage the Dash
community across social media platforms, including Dash, Discord, Telegram, and more.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including marketing, corporate/communications,
developer relations, and events, to integrate community feedback into products, features, and
industry news.
Monitored and responded to community inquiries, comments, and feedback in a timely and
thoughtful manner, building a strong and active community presence.
Worked closely with marketing to create engaging content, such as blog posts and social media
updates, ensuring consistent messaging across all channels.
Planned and executed successful community events, webinars, Dash Spaces, and AMAs to foster
interaction and knowledge-sharing within the Dash community.
Identified and pursued partnerships and collaborations within the crypto space to expand the
community reach, developing a comprehensive strategy for year-long events engagement.
2018 - 2022
Experience
Community Engagement
Social Media Management
Content Creation
Event Planning and Execution
Advocacy and Feedback
Relationship Building
Problem-solving
Creativity
Time Management
Eye for Detail